[theme music]
[waves crashing]
[rain pouring]
Chief Hong, uh…
What?
About…
your place the other night…
Are you sure nothing happened?
Mm-hm. Nothing at all.
Really?
Mm.
[dramatic music]
I have plans, so I'll be off.
[somber music]
[sighs]
Hye-jin, you're losing it.
[sighs deeply]
[Mi-seon]
Why don't you have the lights on?
Huh? Hey.
What's going on?
Is something wrong?
What is it?
[Mi-seon scoffs]
A kiss?
Ah. Is that why you looked like
your whole world had burned down?
I thought our office was going under.
Hey, don't jinx us.
Take it back and knock on wood.
There, okay.
I know the power of a few drinks,
but I don't think
you just pushed for a kiss.
I clearly wasn't acting like myself.
Have I been out of the dating game
for too long?
No, I should drink less.
-So, what did he say about it?
-Don't ask.
He obviously remembers but he played dumb.
Oh, okay. That's why
you're looking so down right now.
Hardly!
[Mi-seon] Uh-huh.
I can see right through you, hm.
Ah, well, I'm just curious, but…
-what do you think of Chief Hong?
-What?
I mean, it's been a while since I saw you
bothered by a guy like this.
If you have feelings for him…
-[Hye-jin] This is… this is bad.
-[Mi-seon] What?
The fact that I'm getting
all this nonsense from you
proves that this is my fault.
I've been letting myself
get too comfortable in this place.
[scoffs]
There's no need to go that far.
This won't ever happen again.
From now on, I won't ever overstep
with Chief Hong again.
-Is that so?
-Uh-huh. Never ever.
[breathes heavily]
[exhales sharply]
[sighs]
KISS
A FIRST KISS TASTES LIKE MUD,
SUNLIGHT, AND ROSES.
[dramatic music]
[sighs heavily]
[exhales sharply]
[door opens, closes]
[sighs]
[exhales deeply]
[clicks tongue]
[sighs]
[door opens, closes]
[water dripping]
Iced latte with extra ice and syrup.
[dog whimpering]
COFFEE IN THE MIDDLE OF THE DAY
AND BEER IN THE MOONLIGHT
[door opens]
Oh, hey. What's up?
-[Hye-jin] Where's Mr. Oh?
-[Du-sik] He's on his way.
Latte for Ms. Pyo, Americano for you?
The new beans that came in
are to die for--
I want something else.
Sure. Sure. Take your time.
You were worried you'd have a cold.
Are you feeling okay?
Yeah. And what's it to you anyway?
I was just worried. That's all.
Why would you worry about me?
What? Now I can't worry anymore?
I understand nosiness is incurable,
but I'd appreciate less of your concern.
It's uncomfortable and annoying.
Ms. Dentist,
that really hurts my feelings when I--
[Chun-jae] I don't care
if it's only a pop quiz, okay?
-Explain what's with this grade?
-[Ju-ri sighs in annoyance]
You know what, this is all because you
only think about that no-good boy band.
Ah! Yell at me all you want,
but don't badmouth my sacred DOS.
-What's with you?
-What's with me?
If you cared about me even just half
as much as you care about that boy band,
you'd never get a grade like this!
[Ju-ri] What if I cared an eighth, though?
-Twenty percent? Ju-ri.
-Give it here. It's mine!
[Chun-jae] You saw that, right?
-She's driving me freakin' crazy.
-Ah! Stop, stop, stop, stop, stop, stop.
You sit right here.
-[Ju-ri whines]
-Can you two just try and talk to her?
Give her a sense of how crucial school is.
-She just--
-Like grades are important.
You should listen to what Ju-ri wants
from her life.
You freakin' jerk.
Nothing's more important than grades
for a student.
-[sighs]
-[Hye-jin] It's good to dream,
but in most circumstances,
you need to go to college to succeed.
That's how it works in Korea.
Dr. Yoon, for once,
you and I agree on something.
Ju-ri, did you hear her?
-I need to get to work, so may I order?
-You gotta--
Gosh, silly me. What would you like?
An iced Americano
and an iced latte, please.
-Okay Du-sik, did you get that? In Korea--
-Actually, could you make it?
Could I?
-[clears throat]
-Should I?
Sure. Why not?
[chuckles]
Ah. Okay. In that case…
-[Ju-ri] His coffee sucks.
-I wonder if she'll like it.
-I'll get going then.
-[Chun-jae] Sure thing. Thanks for today!
Ju-ri, listen to her.
Look at that. Look… look at that.
Don't wander off.
-[Ju-ri] Dad…
-[sighs]
So she does remember.
-[coffee pouring]
-[Chun-jae] My coffee is much better now,
you'll be surprised.
[chuckles]
Hey, Dad, I want braces now.
Don't start with that again.
Then I'll study harder.
-I promise you, and--
-No need for that.
My scores will go from 20 to 200.
-I already said that's not gonna happen.
-[Ju-ri sighs]
Unnie! Unnie, check this out.
[chuckles]
So you'll call me your unnie now?
-I saw it.
-Doesn't my snaggletooth need correcting?
-Huh?
-I already said no Ju-ri!
Why? Why? Why?
[Chun-jae]
The snaggletooth makes you look cute.
-Oh, come on.
-It makes you more adorable.
You'll look just like every other girl
without it.
Ugh, yeah, right.
You just say that 'cause it's expensive.
Unnie, take a look.
Please give it your professional opinion.
Mm…
Snaggleteeth should be corrected
when food gets stuck in there,
or when they are at risk for cavities.
But your teeth are looking good
and well maintained, too.
If it's just for cosmetic reasons,
well, I wouldn't recommend it.
[Ju-ri] Gosh.
And I thought you were cool.
[sighs]
You're of no help.
-Out of my way.
-Dr. Yoon, that was unexpected.
I'm so grateful.
I absolutely love
everything you said today.
[chuckles]
You know what else?
Your coffee's on the house.
[laughs]
Let me get some ice. My gosh.
[dishes clattering]
[breathes heavily]
YOON DENTAL CLINIC
CHUNG-HO SCUBA DIVING
[Hye-jin] The X-rays look good.
Uh-huh.
Just as I suspected last time,
I believe the pain is originating
from the muscle above your molars.
Is that all right though?
Of course.
I'll prescribe you a muscle relaxant
as well as something
for the inflammation and pain.
The course of the medicine is one week,
and stay away from eating anything chewy.
-Will do.
-[Hye-jin chuckles]
[Hwa-jeong] I'm glad that I rented
the office space out to you.
This is all because Chief Hong gave you
my slippers from the restaurant to wear.
[laughs]
I'm guessing it was meant to be.
Oh, I see.
Please come back if the pain
doesn't subside after a week.
-It should by then.
-Sure.
-Thank you, ma'am.
-I'll get going now.
-Have a good day.
-[chuckles]
-Take care.
-Bye.
[exclaims]
A flower is about to bloom.
-[Hye-jin] Oh.
-[Hwa-jeong] What's this plant called?
I'm not sure what it is.
-[Du-sik] It's a fortune tree.
-This is a fortune tree?
Mm-hm.
Water it though, will you?
The leaves are dry.
Why do you have a plant
you don't know the name of, anyway?
Not your concern.
Why are you here?
You take walk-ins too, don't you, Doc?
Ooh.
-I'm tilting your chair down.
-You sound like a real doctor.
Excuse me, sir. You're in my office
so let's stay professional.
Ooh. Even more so.
[chuckles]
-[exhales sharply]
-[Du-sik clears throat]
All right, sir. I'm seeing that you have
come here for a routine checkup then?
Mm. Well, I heard it's important
to have regular checkups, so…
Well, I'll have a look.
[playful music]
[tools clatter]
[mumbles]
I don't like it when my face
gets covered up.
[exhales sharply]
[Hye-jin clears throat]
The lights are bright,
so at least close your eyes.
Okay.
[Du-sik] Is that all right?
[Hye-jin clears throat]
Please open up.
Aah…
[Hye-jin] Now, bite down.
-And open.
-Aah…
[Hye-jin] Please bite down again.
-[Du-sik grins]
-[Hye-jin clears throat]
Your teeth are in pretty good shape.
Has anything been troubling you?
-Sure has.
-[Hye-jin] Do tell.
The two of us.
Is it because of that kiss?
[Hye-jin coughs]
[playful music]
Uh, see? You're coughing now.
This is the exact reason
I was playing dumb.
-[Hye-jin] What?
-Just look at you.
Because of a drunk mistake,
things got so awkward between us.
Only people in Korea
think it's such a big deal.
Not in other countries.
On the other side of the globe,
Jean and Chloe are pecking cheeks
and saying, "Bonjour, how are you?"
Besides, for those of opposite sex
to become good friends, we…
we must be able
to move past biological crisis.
Which means we've been given a chance
to actually become true friends, you know?
Don't you need me?
[Hye-jin] Well, it looks like your teeth
and gums are in good condition.
You'll be glad to know that your mouth
is free from a biological crisis.
-[sighs]
-Ms. Pyo, please be thorough when scaling.
-Sure.
-[Du-sik] Wait.
Just like that? I thought it was all good.
Well, you should still receive scaling
at least once a year.
[Mi-seon clears throat]
Then can you please make sure
it doesn't hurt?
-[Mi-seon] Please lie down.
-Okay.
[groans]
-[Mi-seon] Lie down, please.
-Why didn't you lift this?
[water rippling]
[Du-sik smacking lips]
[sighs]
Why can I taste
the disinfectant in the air?
[sighs heavily]
I hope that resolves any tension.
[phone rings]
[beeps]
Hello?
Yes, this is he.
[munching]
Mmm.
[chewing loudly]
[sighs]
Come on. It's not a steel brick.
Can't you enjoy yours
so I can enjoy mine, too?
It's good.
So how did it go?
You talked it all out with Chief Hong?
I deliberately gave you some space.
He acted like it was nothing
and said we should be friends.
Mm.
[phone vibrates]
[sniffs]
Hm?
And he must've meant it.
[Hye-jin] What's this?
-Is that Chief Hong?
-[Mi-seon] Yeah.
Is that a guy or a girl?
A girl, of course.
[laughs]
[Mi-seon] Mmm.
[upbeat music]
[phone camera shutter clicks]
That prick.
[Chun-jae] Chief Hong is walking
with a woman along Gongjin Harbor.
She's pretty.
-See that?
-[phone camera shutter clicks]
[Yun-gyeong] They're on the beach now.
[Geum-cheol]
Judging by their body language,
I'm guessing they're not
exactly lovey-dovey yet.
-The peninsula?
-The Korean Peninsula Waterway.
-If you see it upside down?
-Uh-huh.
-It's famous around here.
-I see. Yeah, really.
-Oh.
-[phone beeps]
[Nam-suk] Reporting from the observatory.
Anyone can tell that they have chemistry.
Dr. Yoon must not be on his mind.
Gosh. Those people and their gossip.
Oh.
[sucks teeth]
I'm sick of it all.
LIGHTHOUSE SONG FESTIVAL
[sucks teeth, exhales heavily]
[quirky music]
[gasps]
DOCUMENT FOR APPROVAL
-What the hell?
-[objects clatter]
-How long have you been here?
-Over five minutes.
Oh, I see.
This is an official notice from OVN.
Could you take a look?
Right.
RE: LOCATION SCOUTING
FOR A VARIETY SHOW
THE GRASSHOPPER
OF THE SEASHORE VILLAGE
What do you think they're actually
going to do after the singing contest?
I have no clue.
Anyway, I'll get back to work.
Oh, Mr. Ban.
Yes?
What do you think could be the meaning
of someone keeping a gift from you
for 15 years.
Either they love the gift
or it's that sturdy.
Not like that. No.
Well…
don't you think you could make
a meaning out of all of it?
Couldn't it mean that you could have
a special place in their heart?
[sighs]
Why does he even ask?
[playful music]
[Nam-suk] Seems to currently be heading
to Hwajeong Raw Fish Restaurant.
Reporter Yeo, we expect an update.
YEO HWA-JEONG LEFT THE CHAT ROOM
[groans]
Why is my ear been itching all day?
-[Gam-ri] Thief!
-[Seong-hyeon] Ma'am! Ma'am…
-[Gam-ri] That's why you're here.
-[Seong-hyeon] No, I'm not a thief.
-[Gam-ri] Why should I believe in you?
-[Du-sik] Ms. Gam-ri, what is it?
How are you not a thief, huh?
-[Seong-hyeon pants]
-He's a damn thief.
-Hold on.
-[Seong-hyeon] Ma'am,
you've got the wrong idea. Really?
-Really.
-Why are you--
[stammering]
-You?
-[Seong-hyeon] You?
-[laughs]
-Huh?
[Gam-ri] What?
[laughing]
What's that?
Breaking and entering, and assault.
In the eyes of a third party,
you're both at fault.
But since you took a hefty beating,
Ms. Gam-ri is offering you
this meal as an apology.
-Are we good?
-Of course.
I caused the misunderstanding,
so I'm grateful for this meal.
Thank you, ma'am.
Oh, you can get to chitchat later.
Go ahead and help yourself right now.
Sure. Looks delicious.
Mm. From what Du-sik has said,
you… you… you film…
-What was it again?
-Mukbang.
-[stammers]
-[Gam-ri] What?
-Mukbang, mukbang.
-[Gam-ri] Mm-hm, so…
So that's… that's what you do?
Yes, something like that.
[chuckles]
Uh, he's not that famous.
[Gam-ri] Oh, I see.
-I hope I didn't hurt you bad, or…
-I'm all right.
It's what you get
for surprising me, you know.
You entered someone's house unannounced
and stood there like some thief.
-So I hit you out of fear.
-[chuckles]
I'm sorry about that.
I couldn't help myself
when I saw what an incredibly beautiful
house you had here.
What do you mean? It's just an old house
that an old woman lives in.
-[chuckles]
-[Seong-hyeon] Really. I mean it.
-Hm?
It's the kind of house
I've been picturing.
Humble and welcoming.
If I had a grandma in the country,
she'd have a home like this one.
Oh. Goodness. You're a man of sweet words.
Oh, try this one too.
She serves the best food in Gongjin.
[Gam-ri chuckles]
How is it?
[gasps]
-It's absolutely delicious.
-[chuckles]
Mm.
Eat up. You must need more rice.
-I'll get you some more.
-Sure.
[exhales heavily]
[both muttering]
Why are you getting food
all over the place, dude?
Ah, I'm the clumsy type,
if you believe it.
-Ah! Hold on. Hold on.
-[Seong-hyeon chuckles]
[Du-sik] Where is it? Ah! Here it is.
[Du-sik clears throat]
-What? What's that?
-There.
[laughs]
Oh, perfect.
You know, I needed it, really.
[laughs]
-Please enjoy.
-[Du-sik] You too.
So you booked a place to stay in town?
Yeah. Parang Guesthouse.
Parang Guesthouse? Right.
That's on the way to…
-Well, you wouldn't know.
-[laughs]
All right, man.
From the intersection right here,
-take a right. Right.
-[Seong-hyeon] A right.
-Then walk ten steps.
-Ten steps.
-On the left is a real estate agency.
-A real estate.
Ask them for directions.
-Huh?
-Because you won't remember my directions.
[laughs]
Got it. Well, um…
thanks for all you've done today.
Don't mention it. Get there safely.
I got to get going now.
-Sure thing. See you.
-Bye.
[Seong-hyeon sighs]
[Du-sik scoffs]
He sure is a pure soul.
[chuckles]
[playful music]
To the… to the right!
The right…
Whatever.
[sighs deeply]
[sighs in frustration]
[Mi-seon] I'll be late tonight,
so have dinner without me.
-I was offered a free skincare treatment.
-[chuckles]
Ah… Okay, Snow White.
I'll see you when you get back.
[cat meows]
Oh, that reminds me. Your friend took
his new friend to the observatory earlier.
TMI okay? No, thank you.
[phone keys clacking, chimes]
What the hell am I going to eat?
I hate everything here,
but the lack of delivery is the worst.
Damn it all.
[gasps]
My gosh!
[Ju-ri] Oh, my gosh.
Ju-ri?
[quirky music]
[Du-sik] Chun-jae, you didn't have
to wait for me outside, you know.
-Du-sik.
-Yes?
What am I going to do? I can't find Ju-ri.
I'm sure she'll be back soon.
It's not like that. The money's gone too.
-What?
-[Chun-jae] What do I do?
I'm going nuts.
[breathing heavily]
You haven't seen her?
[exhales heavily]
[Du-sik] Got it. Please call us
if you happen to see her.
All right. Thanks.
I got a lock for the safe after I realized
some bills had gone missing,
-but she took the whole dang thing.
-[groans]
I wonder how that little girl
carried it by herself.
[Chun-jae] I should call the police.
-No.
-I should hurry.
It's fine, relax.
I'm sure she's just
somewhere here in Gongjin.
-[sighs]
-[phone clangs]
[chomping, humming]
You're not here to ask a homework question
-but to have a free meal.
-[giggles]
Unnie, can I have the neck?
-Go on.
-[chomping continues]
[Hye-jin sighs]
-[Hye-jin] Did you starve today?
-Yeah, but I had my reasons.
[Ju-ri coughs]
-Hey, hey, slow down.
-Can I have some water?
-[Ju-ri clears throat]
-[clicks tongue]
[Hye-jin sighs]
-[loud thump]
-[Hye-jin shrieks]
What the hell is this? Oh, my toe.
-What's in here?
-[Ju-ri] It's nothing!
-No. I… I…
-[Hye-jin] Let me see.
My gosh.
-You took a safe? Did you steal this?
-Hmm…
How can it be stealing
when it's from my dad's shop?
[gasps]
That's still stealing.
I told you it's my dad's.
You run away?
-[groans]
-[doorbell rings]
[both gasp]
-[doorbell ringing continues]
-Wait here.
[door unlocks, opens]
Uh…
Why are you here?
It's not you I'm here to see.
Would there be any chance Ju-ri's here?
-I… w… well…
-You're stuttering.
Excuse me a minute.
-But--
-[Du-sik] Oh Ju-ri! Ju-ri!
-[Ju-ri gasps]
-Get over here.
Did you think I wouldn't find you?
-Ah, well… I didn't think you'd come here.
-Huh? How dare you--
-[shrieks, groans in pain]
-[Ju-ri] Ooh, that must hurt.
Hey, do you know how worried
your dad and I were?
How should I know?
Are you really gonna do it like this?
-Now, get over here.
-Mm-mm. No.
-I'm asking nicely.
-[Ju-ri] No.
What's happening?
What do you think you're doing?
-[Ju-ri] Yeah, what are you doing?
-[Hye-jin] Are you playing a game?
You should've called someone right away
if a kid came around at this hour.
Try to think of her father right now.
-Are you seriously telling me off?
-Darn it.
[Hye-jin] I only just found out.
[sighs]
-Get back here.
-[Ju-ri] No.
-[Du-sik] Get back here.
-Why?
-No.
-[Du-sik] Get over here.
-Sorry, unnie. I have no choice.
[gasps]
[door closes]
Get out here, Ju-ri.
-Get out here.
-[Ju-ri] No way.
You shouldn't disrespect others like this.
-[knocks on door]
-Come out.
[Hye-jin]
The one disrespecting others here is you.
-What?
-Ju-ri's a guest of mine,
-while you weren't invited in.
-[exhales sharply]
She can stay here tonight,
so I'll ask you to leave.
But Chun-jae's waiting for her at home.
It's fine. I'll call him myself then.
-Ju-ri, what's your dad's number?
-Don't tell her.
[Ju-ri] Be quiet. It's 010-0247-8359.
Hey, seriously.
What the hell are you doing?
-[line ringing]
-[Chun-jae] Hello? What's going on?
-Ju-ri's staying with me tonight.
-[Chun-jae] Who… who the hell are you?
[phone beeps]
I informed her father,
and I'm an adult woman,
so there's no problem.
Okay? Do you need anything else?
[sighs deeply]
Ju-ri,
get back home tomorrow.
-[Ju-ri] "Get back home tomorrow."
-Are you mocking me?
Your dad is really worried.
Sorry for, uh…
[door unlocks, opens]
[exhales heavily]
[door closes, locks]
[Ju-ri breathes deeply]
Unnie, is Uncle Du-sik gone?
Yeah.
Nice, unnie. Thanks so much.
Sorry for the shove, but…
-[door opens]
-[footsteps approaching]
[exhales]
I saw Chief Hong on my way in.
Who are you?
You're rude.
[Mi-seon] Who may you be?
-[Ju-ri] Uh, Ju-ri. Who's asking?
-[sighs]
I'm Pyo Mi-seon. Hello.
Who's that?
What on earth is she thinking?
-[scoffs]
-[phone ringing]
Hey, Chun-jae.
[Chun-jae] Du-sik!
[breathing rapidly]
I think Ju-ri was kidnapped
by some crazy woman!
[sighs]
[light music]
[Hye-jin] Yes, I'll let her stay the night
and bring her over tomorrow morning.
Sure. Don't worry so much.
Good night.
[phone chimes]
What did my dad say?
That you're in for it tomorrow.
-[groans]
-[Hye-jin] Go to bed.
Okay.
-[Hye-jin] Good night.
-Good night, unnie.
[exhales deeply]
RESEARCH ON THE SURVIVAL RATE
OF RE-EMBEDDED IMPLANTS
JU-RI'S
[Hye-jin sighs]
[Hye-jin] Wow.
She's quite good.
JUNE
Hm.
MR. CAFE OWNER
[Chun-jae] Dr. Yoon, once again,
please take good care of my girl.
[Hye-jin] Of course. Don't worry.
[phone chimes]
[Chun-jae] I'm sorry to ask,
but did she wash up before bed?
She can't skip lotion
due to her chronic atopic dermatitis.
[Hye-jin] Yes, she remembered
to put on her lotion.
[phone chimes]
[Chun-jae] You probably have this covered,
but please make sure
she brushes her teeth.
[scoffs]
[phone chimes]
[Chun-jae] She may not seem fussy,
but she doesn't sleep well in other beds.
If she can't sleep,
please give her a glass of warm milk
with a spoonful of sugar.
[door opens]
Unnie, I can't sleep at all.
[sighs heavily]
[Hye-jin] Drink this and head to bed.
Sure.
-Ooh, that's nice and warm.
-[Hye-jin sighs]
By the way, the girl in the photos
in your room. Is that you?
Oh.
Well, the years weren't so nice to you.
Hey. Come on.
All living creatures look better young.
[chuckles]
Well…
I heard your mom passed
and you only have a dad just like me.
Don't rumors travel fast.
So, do you remember a lot about her?
A little bit, I guess.
But I was really too young,
so I mostly remember her being sick.
You at least have some memories of her.
My mom passed right after I was born,
so I only know her from photos.
Really?
So my grandma used to say
when I was little
that I ruined my dad's life.
He got so mad at her
that we only see her on holidays.
[Ju-ri slurping]
Hmm.
I know he cares a lot about me,
but it's so smothering
and annoying sometimes.
So it's like this.
He should only really be a dad,
but he's trying to be a mom as well.
-[chuckles]
-[Ju-ri] Do you get what I mean?
Yes, totally.
[both chuckle]
Unnie, why'd you let me stay with you?
No reason.
It just reminded me of the past.
I was like you once, too.
You were like me once?
No way. Wait.
Did you run away from home too?
Why?
In high school…
GONGJIN MARKET PARKING LOT
[Hye-jin] …I skipped school,
took a bus at the terminal,
and went to the beach.
[dramatic music]
[gasps]
Wow!
Long distance! You do things big, huh?
Why, though?
Because my dad
had gotten himself a girlfriend.
[Ju-ri]
No way! That was really your reason?
Wow. I didn't think
you were so close-minded.
Look. If my dad were seeing a woman,
I know that I'd back them up
a hundred percent.
Oh?
It's kind of sad
to let him live forever
missing her, you know.
Gosh. You're definitely
more thoughtful than I am.
I wonder why you ran away
when you're so mature.
[scoffs]
It's because my dad
won't let me get braces.
So do you think you could try
and persuade him just a little, eh?
Why do you want braces
when your snaggletooth's so cute?
Just like everyone else in this world,
I wanna look beautiful.
-I'm sure you understand that, no?
-Oh.
-You know, braces alone won't do that.
-[groans]
That hits me like a knife
in the heart, unnie.
-I'm so hurt.
-I hurt you?
Here. Drink this okay?
I've got work to finish.
[slurping]
[exhales deeply]
Doctor,
do you offer your friends any discounts--
-Go to sleep. Go to bed.
-Got it.
Darn.
[exhales sharply]
[Hye-jin sighs]
Good night. No, just a second.
A discount might…
-Got it. Good night.
-[door closes]
[somber music]
[sighs]
[inhales deeply]
[sobbing]
[exhales heavily]
[Du-sik] You always drink the good stuff
on your own.
[sobs]
Chun-jae.
[sobbing continues]
[exhales heavily]
You're crying?
[sniffles]
Why would I be crying?
[sobs]
-[Chun-jae mumbles]
-[sighs]
[Chun-jae] Just wait until she gets back.
I'm shaving all her hair off.
[Du-sik]
As if you'd ever go through with that.
You adore the curly baby hair
on her forehead, come on.
I guess I love her so much
that I spoiled her, eh?
I raised a thief.
[coughs]
She goes big.
Nothing like you at all, huh?
Her mom, huh?
[both chuckle]
What will become of her? I'm so worried.
It's not like I'm going to be
around forever.
In order to manage on her own
once I'm gone,
she should finish college at least.
Is that why you've been
on her case so much lately?
It's just like the braces.
Of course, I asked around.
-I thought, since she wanted it so badly…
-But?
It involves plucking
a few perfectly good teeth!
-Gosh.
-[Chun-jae] Even when she scrapes
her knee, it gives me a heart attack.
What if something happens
during the procedure?
[sighs]
Ju-ri's so lucky to have a dad like you.
I feel sorry for people without parents.
[laughs]
[Chun-jae scoffs]
Don't be ridiculous.
You grew up perfectly well on your own,
you know.
No one in this world
is as good as you are?
Wait, hold on. Are you drunk?
Du-sik.
Try to make something happen
with Dr. Yoon.
Stop it. It's not like that for us.
And don't say that to that dentist either.
You'll lose a regular customer.
Then go out with someone at least.
Find someone to lean on, huh?
You spend your life
dealing with people's baggage.
When do you ever get the chance
to deal with yours?
I don't have any, so…
Hey, you almost finished the bottle.
Let me get a glass.
Don't you dare drink another drop.
I'm finishing that, all right?
[sighs]
Oh, that kid.
[crickets chirping]
[exhales heavily]
[dramatic music]
[waves crashing]
[rain pouring]
[scoffs]
[sighs]
That, uh… drink was strong.
[clears throat, sniffs]
Ooh.
[drink pouring]
WHAT MEN LIVE BY BY LEO TOLSTOY
[paper rustling]
[dramatic music]
COFFEE IN THE MIDDLE OF THE DAY
AND BEER IN THE MOONLIGHT
[Ju-ri groans]
I'm sorry, and I won't ever do
this kind of thing again.
So please let me have my braces.
Mm, mm, mm?
-Please?
-No.
Now that you pulled this, there's no way.
You cannot get the things you want in life
by acting out anymore.
I hate you. You're super annoying!
Likewise! It's not like I…
That brat.
[sighs]
[exhales sharply]
I'm sorry, Doctor.
And thank you for last night.
It's all right.
[chuckles]
She's not usually like that.
Jeez.
[chuckles]
Raising a daughter sure isn't easy.
It's possible I'm overstepping, but, uh…
Ju-ri is not that little girl anymore.
-Sorry?
-[Hye-jin] She's still a child,
but not one so young that she has to be
watched over all the time.
She has her own world now
and she needs to be alone, too.
I just hope you can respect those changes
as she gets older.
[chuckles]
Right.
And Ju-ri isn't some airheaded teenager.
She's found her calling.
[Hey-jin] Have you seen her sketches?
-It's Ju-ri's.
-Does Ju-ri draw?
-Is this hers?
-[Hye-jin] Yes, she drew those.
You… you're saying that Ju-ri--
-Did you get rid of them?
-[Chun-jae] What?
My DOS poster and fan merchandise.
Did you get rid of them?
Yeah, I did. I threw them away.
I couldn't take you losing focus
over all of that,
so I threw every piece of it away.
Why would you throw out all that stuff?
That's mine!
Who gave you the right?
Those were all limited editions!
[sighs heavily]
All right.
[exhales deeply]
Oh.
[Hye-jin chuckles]
Oh. He's spending the day with her again.
[upbeat music]
So he is.
[scoffs]
All right.
I'm stopping by the supermarket.
[inhales sharply]
[Yun-gyeong chuckles]
-Welcome!
-Hi.
I'll take all of these.
-All of them?
-Uh, yeah.
[chuckles]
You must really love them then.
They're, uh… they're good for snacking.
Although I did use to live on them.
[Yun-gyeong chuckles]
I see.
[giggles]
[man 1] So Producer Ji,
where are we headed this time…
[Seong-hyeon] Hello!
Welcome.
[Yun-gyeong chuckles]
[Seong-hyeon sighs]
Do you have any sausages?
[Yun-gyeong] Actually,
someone bought all I had just now.
[sighs heavily]
Well… I see I'm not the only one
who loves them.
I'll be back some other time then.
Yes, have a nice day.
Same to you.
He looks familiar.
He's not from Gongjin.
Where could I have seen him?
-[man 1] Is Uigeumbu the name of a region?
-[man 2] I guess so.
[man 1] Isn't that Uijeongbu?
Uigeumbu and seolleongtang.
Don't they ring any bells?
Nothing.
[camera shutter clicks]
[sighs]
[light music]
[camera shutter clicks]
YOON DENTAL CLINIC
I see they have a dental clinic here.
[laughs]
CHUNG-HO SCUBA DIVING
Octopus over rice?
The place nearby is to die for.
Really? Sounds delicious.
Chun-jae, why didn't you bring your girl?
-She's not talking to me.
-What?
I think we're on the brink
of a new world war.
-Ah, don't say that.
-You being here makes
your move finally feel real to me.
I feel the same way.
[Geum-cheol] What's going on over there?
[Cho-hui]
Hwa-jeong, are you feeling better today?
Yes, I'm fine now.
Thanks for the concern.
-[door opens]
-[Mi-seon] Hello, everyone.
-[Yeong-guk] Gosh, hello.
-Hello.
-[Hwa-jeong] Come on in.
-[Geum-cheol] Hi!
-[Yun-gyeong chuckles]
-This way.
-[Hwa-jeong] Please sit.
-[Mi-seon] I see there's an empty seat.
-[Geum-cheol] What? Where?
Right… Right here. Right here.
There's barely any room.
Gosh, there we go.
[chuckles]
Before we begin today's meeting,
a message for the village
will be delivered.
Village Chief?
Hello, everyone. I'm Chang Yeong-guk,
the Village Chief of Gongjin-dong.
Take it easy, will you?
There's no need to deepen your voice.
[laughter]
Oh, right.
I'm sure you know in two weeks,
we have the Lighthouse Song Festival.
I hope many of you
sign up again this year.
I'll hand out applications,
so fill them out
-and bring them to the office.
-Sure.
[Chun-jae] It's chilly here.
Ah. Up until last year,
the award included a voucher
to spend locally.
But this year,
the winner will get three million won.
-[all gasp]
-In cash?
Yes, you'll be given hard cash.
Runner-up, a million. Third, half a mil.
-[Nam-suk] Oh, my!
-[Du-sik] No way.
-[Mat-i] Nice.
-[Yeong-guk] Yes!
So I hope many of you
will enter the competition.
Don't if you're too busy though.
Only if you really want.
Here are all the forms.
-We can. We're not busy.
-Officer Choi, are you not entering?
I'm afraid I won't.
-Why not? Why wouldn't you?
-[Eun-cheol] It's not for me.
Chief Hong, apply. Apply.
You can sing all right.
Sing what you sang last time.
She's right. You and Dr. Yoon can team up.
Sing a duet.
[Geum-cheol chuckles]
Again with the nonsense from you.
How can you be so dense
embarrassing those two?
Can't you tell by the way
they're sitting far apart?
It's already run its course for them, ah.
-[all exclaim]
-I see…
End? What is there to end
when nothing even began?
Nothing's going on
between myself and Chief Hong.
If you keep going around
spreading false rumors,
I won't let it go.
[stammers]
Uh…
[Chun-jae clears throat]
I'm going.
[Hye-jin grunts]
-[Gam-ri] What…
-[Mi-seon] Hye-jin.
Is she pissed?
-Just a second.
-[Nam-suk] I guess they had a fight.
-Where are you going?
-They were sitting far apart, so I…
-All right. All right, go.
-So where is he…
[Du-sik] Just let it slide.
The gossip just to kill the time.
Why does it have to be at my expense?
It makes me upset, and I'm offended.
Well, hey, as long as it's not true,
there's no need to be offended.
Let's not be so sharp around the edges.
I'm only telling you as a friend.
Who says we're friends?
What?
Us having some moments recently
must've made you think that way,
-but I don't befriend just anyone.
-"Anyone"?
[Hye-jin] While we're at it,
let me lay it out there.
You completely exhaust me.
I don't care for the rumors
and prefer not to be considered as a pair.
I'm grateful for what you do, but I'd like
for you to stop crossing the line.
[sighs]
I really thought you had changed.
I guess I was wrong.
[somber music]
Here you go.
[waves crashing]
[bird squawking]
[upbeat music]
[exhales heavily]
[automated voice] Power on.
-Bluetooth activated.
-[Geum-cheol clears throat]
How about us three
do the contest as a team?
-[sighs]
-[Suk-ja] You know I'm a natural on stage.
You just give me a chance and watch me go.
[Gam-ri] Enough!
Would it kill you
to live quietly just for once?
Hey, Mat-i.
We'll do it just the two of us.
We can split the prize money.
What do you say?
GONGJIN COMMUNITY SERVICE CENTER
[Chun-jae coughs]
Gosh, must be a cold.
THRIVING CHUNG-HO
May I?
-[Chun-jae] Do I know you?
-It's Nam-suk. Hold on.
[Nam-suk gasps]
I knew it was you.
[chuckles]
Hello.
Don't tell me you're here
to enter the singing contest.
No. Nonsense.
Goodness. I was right.
It's wrong for someone like you to enter.
You're a singer. It's not fair.
Nam-suk, why do you have
to talk so loudly?
Gosh, I'm sorry.
Is it because of that big prize
you could win?
-Nam-suk…
-[both laugh]
…why is it that you're everywhere?
-Nam-suk.
-I know.
-Is she the mayor or something?
-[both laughing]
Listen up, everyone!
Oh Yoon who won the number two song
on Top Ten Songs
will enter the Lighthouse Song Festival.
-[chuckles]
-How is that fair?
-Oh, she's so funny.
-[laughing]
[Nam-suk] Chun--
All right. Now, it's my turn.
[chuckles]
-Here's my form.
-Sure.
Three hundred twenty thousand won.
[sighs]
[Ju-ri sighs in annoyance]
Unbelievable.
[exhales heavily]
[upbeat music]
LIGHTHOUSE SONG FESTIVAL
[woman] Hang it over there.
[indistinct chatter]
GREEN ROOM
CHUNG-HO SPECIALTY PRODUCTS
[woman] Oh, perfect. The perfect spot.
LIGHTHOUSE SONG FESTIVAL
-[Mi-seon] Let's go.
-[Hye-jin sighs in annoyance]
[Hye-jin] I don't want to.
Who watches singing contests these days?
They're so lame.
Come on! Do you really think
I'm here for the contest?
I'm obviously here to bump into Eun-cheol.
[sighs]
Jeez.
Seriously.
[Mi-seon] Hey, Chief Hong!
[breathes heavily]
-Hi.
-Oh, hey.
Have you seen Officer Choi?
He's sorting things out
over in the parking lot.
He said he was off-duty today. How come?
A fender bender made a mess of things.
I'm not sure he'll make it here on time,
but don't lose hope.
Okay.
Mm.
[sighs]
[scoffs]
[exhales deeply]
[upbeat music]
[indistinct chattering]
[sighs]
-Hi.
-Cho-hui, over here. Over here.
[Yeong-guk laughs]
That's taken. It's Hwa-jeong's.
What do you mean?
I've been saving it for her…
Hold on. What…
It's fine. I can move over a seat.
Oh. Hey.
-Mm.
-[chuckles]
She doesn't even know
when people do her a favor.
[exhales heavily]
-Please have a seat.
-[Nam-suk] Sit down.
[Mat-i] What's the matter?
[Yeong-guk] It's all good.
[Mat-i] What was that?
[Yeong-guk] It's nothing.
What's with all the cameras
at a small-town festival?
-[groans]
-It's even better than last year.
It could be because of the prize,
but it is a little different.
-Right?
-[Yun-gyeong chuckles]
Hello, I'm comedian Yang Seung-won
here to host the Lighthouse Song Festival.
-It's good to see you.
-Oh, whoa! It's Yang Seung-won!
-It's Yang Seung-won!
-Huh?
-I'll start with a few voice impressions.
-Isn't that, that man
who was on that television show?
-But he is the same one.
-[gasps]
Before we begin the singing contest,
an opening ceremony for you.
He's the pride and joy of Gongjin-dong.
The singer, Oh Yoon.
[cheering and applause]
Hello, everyone.
-[Chun-jae] One day…
-Oh.
-So they actually talked him…
-[Chun-jae] A very long time ago…
-…into doing this thing then.
-[Chun-jae] …a mountain guy
turned out to be an ocean guy,
and that's how I settled here.
I am the star of Gongjin.
What's my name again?
[crowd] Chun-jae!
-[Chun-jae] What's my name?
-[crowd] Oh Yoon!
Yeah! Oh Yoon in the house!
Ju-ri, I love you!
[upbeat music playing]
[grunts]
CHUNG-HO
♪ The night is cold, I hate this night ♪
♪ Here I am living in this city
Day by day ♪
♪ But once again, I realize she's gone ♪
♪ All that's left is an empty seat
And her laughter ♪
♪ I can't contain this feeling ♪
♪ Exercising in the moonlight
Doesn't help ♪
♪ Only the wind of life
That crashes into me ♪
♪ Eventually brings me to tears ♪
♪ But once again, I realize she's gone ♪
♪ All that's left is an empty seat
And her laughter ♪
Yeah!
[crowd cheering]
Thank you. I love you all.
-[Nam-suk screaming]
-[Chun-jae] I'm Oh Yoon!
[Chun-jae laughs]
Ju-ri, it's your papa!
♪ Tonight, no matter how hard I try ♪
No way. What's this?
A live guerrilla performance?
It'll be over before then, right?
Oh, Ju-ri, you're entering too?
That's not your concern.
[scoffs]
Easy there, kid.
[grunts]
[Ju-ri grunting]
♪ Eventually brings me to tears ♪
♪ Don't give up on anything ♪
Don't. Don't you dare do it.
[Mat-i] He's so good.
[chuckles]
[Yun-gyeong] Mm.
[upbeat music playing]
[laughing]
[laughter]
-♪ Sick and tired of my lousy life ♪
-[Chun-jae] My goodness.
-♪ I now set out to find you again ♪
-This is so embarrassing.
♪ I will run to you
And throw myself in your embrace ♪
♪ You won't be able to ignore me ♪
-♪ Louder and louder… ♪
-I swear that Geum-cheol.
♪ I will call out your name ♪
♪ The name of whom I love ♪
[cheers and applause]
I'm Cho Nam-suk
of Gongjin Korean-Chinese Restaurant.
I hope you like this song.
[upbeat music playing]
[vocalizing]
[cheering continues]
-♪ Don't criticize me ♪
-Oh, ooh.
-Eh! Block your ears.
-♪ For being cruel ♪
♪ I only chose to part ways briefly
For your sake ♪
-♪ I love you ♪
-[microphone screeches]
Gosh, Nam-suk.
-Thank you all! Please clap--
-[baby crying]
Can I get a do-over?
The key must've been set way off.
I asked for B sharp!
♪ Squid, shrimp, anchovy ♪
♪ Webfoot octopus, baby octopus,
Shark, and turtle ♪
♪ You were born in the ocean ♪
♪ What do you think
About while you live? ♪
♪ Good, good, good, good, let's laugh ♪
♪ That's right, right, right, right ♪
Oh, God, what were the lyrics?
You wench!
-I forgot…
-How could you forget the lines?
-[Suk-ja] It could happen, gosh!
-Seriously
-Is that the best you can do, you idiot?
-[grunts]
How can you be so dumb?
We practiced so many times.
[Suk-ja] It's not like I wanted to forget.
-[Mat-i] Come on.
-Hey!
[Yeong-guk]
Cut the music! Hey!
[Suk-ja and Mat-i bickering]
Even I remembered.
How could you not… Let go of me!
Hey, hey. Break a leg.
[crowd cheering]
She's so adorable.
[chuckles]
Ms. Dentist, can you come
with me for a minute?
Where?
This is urgent. Come on.
What, now?
Someone is hurt.
Hurry.
♪ You are my precious love ♪
♪ You are ♪
♪ My eternal love ♪
♪ I love you ♪
♪ But why do tears ♪
♪ Keep falling? ♪
[crowd cheering]
-[Yun-gyeong] Great job!
-[Chun-jae] You're so gorgeous!
[laughter]
LEE BYEONG-HYEON, YOU'RE THE BEST!
[Du-sik sighs]
She sprained her ankle dancing.
Take a look.
[Hye-jin]
But I'm a dentist, not an orthopedist.
You're still more qualified than I am.
Ju-ri, which foot is it?
What? The left.
[Ju-ri groans]
It hurts.
Oh, that bad?
[Ju-ri] Yeah.
It's swollen too much.
You should go to the hospital.
No. No, no, no.
She wants to perform.
She's willing to dance in this state.
I honestly doubt you can walk.
[Ju-ri] I have to win this.
I need the prize money to get braces.
-What?
-[Du-sik] Seriously?
No. I think your snaggletooth
looks adorable.
You're just like my dad. Stop saying that.
I detest it coming from you!
You what?
[Hye-jin]
You can get them when you're older.
Now's not the time.
Let's go to the hospital.
No, no. It has to be now.
Why are you in such a rush?
Is there a particular reason?
Well, there's this boy I like,
I can't smile in front of him.
The snaggletooth shows first,
so I keep covering it up,
and it kills my self-esteem.
What if he falls for some other girl?
It's why I need to get
my tooth fixed right now!
-Please.
-[Seung-won] The next contestant
is a seventh-grader
at Cheongjin Middle School,
-Now? Are you kidding me?
-Oh Ju-ri!
-[cheering and applause]
-[sighs]
He said… Ju… Ju… Ju-ri he said, huh?
-[Chun-jae] Oh Ju-ri?
-Is she going?
-[chuckles]
-[stammers]
-Ju-ri? Ju-ri, hey!
-[Nam-suk] Oh, is she…
Why is she limping? Ju-ri!
Hey, what's wrong?
-[Nam-suk] My.
-[Chun-jae] Ju-ri!
Ju-ri…
[Seung-won]
Oh Ju-ri will begin her performance.
[upbeat music playing]
♪ Tears drop
As I turn the steering wheel ♪
♪ I'm on my way to you ♪
♪ I feel terrible
But there's so much traffic ♪
♪ I… ♪
Oh, no. Oh.
Ju-ri, get down here. Come on! Ju-ri!
[Hye-jin] Just… just a second.
We'll take it from the top.
Unnie?
Uncle?
Hey.
Let's place first. I hate second place.
Ju-ri, sit.
-[exhales heavily]
-Du-sik, what's wrong with Ju-ri?
-[Nam-suk] What?
-[groans]
Seriously? Come on, Chun-jae, get up.
-Do you know this dance?
-No, I don't.
Then, you should leave the stage.
I thought the embarrassment
could be shared.
Besides, with events like this,
it's all about…
getting a reaction.
Let's do it.
♪ Tears drop
As I turn the steering wheel ♪
-♪ I'm on my way to you ♪
-What is she doing?
♪ I feel terrible
But there's so much traffic ♪
♪ I call but you don't pick up ♪
♪ Beautiful northern lights ♪
-Were they always a team, those two?
-♪ I desperately call for you ♪
-[Yun-gyeong] Who knows?
-♪ I hear you ♪
-Is Dr. Yoon a good dancer or a bad one?
-♪ Our time together ♪
She seems to be trying,
but boy, it's choppy.
[women laughing]
♪ Can you feel it
In my heart, heart, heart ♪
Who knew that there was something
Chief Hong wasn't good at?
♪ Hurry up tonight ♪
♪ Please come back, just a feeling ♪
♪ Can you feel it
In my heart, heart, heart ♪
-[Chun-jae cheering]
-♪ I will be there for you ♪
-♪ Hurry up tonight ♪
-[Chun-jae] That's my daughter. Whoo!
♪ Please come back, just a feeling ♪
♪ Can you feel it
In my heart, heart, heart ♪
♪ Bewildered and mesmerized
I can't escape you ♪
♪ Please, please, turn around ♪
[cheers and applause]
[Chun-jae laughing]
[sighs, chuckles]
-[Nam-suk] Oh, that rascal.
-Ju-ri, it's Papa!
[panting]
That was great. Our Du-sik is good
at absolutely everything.
-[laughing]
-[panting]
So much for not involved.
You're in deep, girl.
[clicks tongue]
[panting]
[cheering continues]
[breathing heavily]
-Sit here.
-[groans]
-Oh, no. My whole reputation.
-[Bo-ra] Hi, I'm Choi Bo-ra!
As if you had one at all.
This is your fault really.
Wow. One might think
I made you go up there.
That was your own choice.
Why do you always blame others?
-Oh, you're so annoying!
-Likewise.
Did you see the crowd cheering earlier?
We might actually win!
-Yes!
-[Ju-ri giggling]
-I never lose, you know.
-First place. First place.
[Bo-ra] ♪ I will tightly embrace ♪
♪ My friend's broken heart ♪
♪ Just like someone did ♪
♪ When I was feeling down ♪
♪ A friend's wrongdoing ♪
♪ Will be embraced with warm forgiveness ♪
-Honey. Is that really our own daughter?
-♪ And one's mistake ♪
-I think so.
-♪ Will be embraced with understanding ♪
[Gam-ri] Aww.
Gongjin had a true singer all along then.
♪ What will I do
With hatred that involuntarily formed ♪
♪ With love ♪
♪ I will embrace those with love ♪
♪ I will hug you tightly ♪
♪ With the warmth in my heart ♪
♪ Please hug others tightly ♪
♪ With tender love ♪
♪ To let happiness ♪
♪ Bloom inside our hearts ♪
♪ I will hug you tightly ♪
♪ I will take my friend ♪
♪ In a warm embrace ♪
-♪ In a warm embrace ♪
-[sobbing]
[cheers and applause]
[Geum-cheol] You did great!
[light music]
[Seung-won] And the winner is…
Choi Bo-ra!
LIGHTHOUSE SONG FESTIVAL
1ST PLACE
[chuckling]
That was fantastic.
How is it that you never sang for me
with a voice like yours?
Bo-ra, Bo-ra, Bo-ra,
how about we swap our prize money?
LIGHTHOUSE SONG FESTIVAL
POPULARITY AWARD
-Don't be ridiculous!
-[groans]
Bo-ra, let me keep it safe for you.
-You too.
-[Geum-cheol] Fine.
I-jun, how was I?
Oh, you were great.
Let's play the claw machine.
I have three million won!
-Bo-ra!
-No, don't go.
Take me with you then.
[groans]
LIGHTHOUSE SONG FESTIVAL
2ND PLACE
Jeez, I didn't know
that Bo-ra was that good.
[Geum-cheol]
I guess I should be okay with that.
Here, give me all the prize money.
[both] What?
No, no. We should split it three ways.
-No, it's mine.
-No way.
Are you seriously trying to steal
a little kid's money?
Ju-ri, it's fine by me,
just take my share.
-Come on.
-Ahh, no!
-Are you for real?
-[gasps]
[Du-sik] Oh, come on.
Take this and I'll do your braces.
-Huh?
-What?
I'll do your braces you hear me?
But it's not charity.
This is the first payment.
Pay the rest when you grow up.
So grow up well if you wanna pay it off.
Oh… Unnie!
[chuckles]
Thank you all for waiting.
We'll take some photos now.
-[Nam-suk] Let's take a photo.
-[Geum-cheol] Right. Okay.
Here, hold this for the photo.
[Ju-ri] Okay.
[indistinct chattering]
[all] Cheese!
[camera shutter clicking]
-[Ju-ri grunts]
-[Du-sik] Watch your step.
Are you seriously
on your phone right now, Ju-ri?
DOS is going live.
-It's almost time.
-Oh, hey. Careful.
-Ju-ri!
-[Ju-ri shrieks, groans]
Juri, are you okay?
Startled by her own father.
Lastly, we have a very special event.
-Wait, what? What are they…
-[gasps]
[indistinct background chatter]
[gasps]
-Ju-ri… Ju-ri… Ju-ri…
-[Chun-jae] She won't talk to me.
-Not even look at me.
-[DOS leader] Two, three.
Hello. The operating system
of the K-pop industry.
We're DOS.
[gasps]
[crowd cheering]
[Ju-ri] No way.
Ju-ri, it's DOS.
♪ Tears drop as I turn the steering wheel
I'm on my way to you ♪
♪ I feel terrible
But there's so much traffic… ♪
By the way, who are those boys up there?
Who knows?
I don't think I recognize any of them.
Hm, who are they again?
D! O! S!
[whimpers]
[Hwa-jeong] So that's DOS?
No wonder Ju-ri calls them her life.
DOS!
-Did you film me earlier?
-Of course not.
♪ If that's what you want
I can bring you back ♪
♪ Let's hope for a miracle ♪
-♪ Please come back, just a feeling ♪
-♪ Just a feeling ♪
♪ Can you feel it ♪
-♪ In my heart, heart, heart ♪
-[Ju-ri] Heart, heart, heart!
How can boys be that beautiful?
Yeah. It's good for prenatal education.
-Are you seeing this, baby?
-Oh, look.
I'll send you the video I'm filming.
-Thanks.
-Thanks for what?
[Yun-gyeong] What?
♪ Bewildered and mesmerized ♪
♪ I can't escape you
Please, please, turn around ♪
[crying]
♪ Please come back ♪
-♪ Just a feeling! ♪
♪ Can you feel me ♪
♪ In my heart, heart, heart ♪
♪ Bewildered and mesmerized
I can't escape you ♪
♪ Please, please, turn around ♪
-[Du-sik] DOS.
-[Ju-ri] You're the best!
[Ju-ri screaming]
Look how handsome they are!
The ending was killer.
[whimpers]
[phone ringing]
Where did she go?
Why isn't she picking up?
-[Hye-jin sighs]
-[phone beeps]
[groans]
It hurts.
Gosh, it stings.
[Du-sik clears throat]
Someone said that being nosy is incurable.
That it's annoying and uncomfortable.
She also said that she didn't
want to be the subject of any rumors.
[scoffs]
Is being inconsistent your motto?
Your words don't match your actions.
And I'm out.
[Du-sik]
Ah… Maybe you like being on stage.
I guess you have a flair for drama.
No wonder you danced on the pole
after having too much wine.
[gasps]
My God, are you nuts?
I…
Oh, wait, wait, wait.
You're crossing the line right now.
You're the one who crossed it.
Exactly. And I'm telling you
to cross it comfortably like I do.
[romantic music]
Don't be childish,
and draw imaginary lines when you want to.
Let me borrow your eraser
and copy your homework once in a while.
Homework? Why would I?
[chuckles softly]
[man 3] Chief Hong!
Yeah?
[snorts]
[chuckles]
[sighs]
Where on earth did she go?
[gasps]
Oppa?
[panting, groaning]
[shrieks, groans]
Oppa, just a second!
[breathes heavily, whimpers]
-[Chun-jae] Get on.
-[Ju-ri] What?
-Hop on!
-All right.
-Oh, God. You're heavy.
-June, Oppa!
-[Ju-ri] Wait!
-[Chun-jae screams]
-[Ju-ri] June, just a second!
-Hold on!
-June, wait!
-Wait!
-June, hold on!
-Just a second!
-Oh!
-Wait!
-June, just a second.
-[screaming]
-[Ju-ri] Wait! Wait!
-Hold on!
[both groaning]
[breathing heavily]
[Ju-ri] June.
Oppa, just a second.
Oppa, I'm a hacker.
I'm 14 and my name is Oh Ju-ri.
-Oh Ju-ri. That's me.
-Hang on.
-Your tooth…
-Huh?
-I think I saw you somewhere.
-What?
I went to three of your concerts,
but I doubt you spotted me.
-You went to three of his concerts?
-Getting tickets was--
-Ah! At the cafe.
-Cafe?
You said that I was a fake.
Nobody's ever accused me of that before.
♪ Just a feeling ♪
♪ Can you feel me ♪
-Since you're cute, I'll let it slide.
-Huh?
[chuckles]
-I'll see you around.
-Sure.
You'll see her around? Wha-- What for?
Oppa, you're super handsome!
[chuckles]
[scoffs]
Unbelievable.
[Chun-jae] Are you okay?
[Ju-ri] Yes, I'm good.
Oh, gosh. All right.
-Let me see.
-[groans]
-Be careful.
-[Chun-jae] That nasty bruise.
[both groan]
This is what you get
for being such a tomboy.
You should get acupuncture.
[Ju-ri] Forget it.
Get your back some instead.
[groans]
Why carry me with a herniated disc?
Just say "thank you" if you're grateful.
If it weren't for me, you wouldn't have
gotten to talk to that band at all.
Their name is DOS.
Who cares what their name is?
-Everyone cares.
-Something's weighing me down.
-Can you check my back pocket for me?
-[Ju-ri] What's this? What's this?
-What's this?
-What is it? I wonder.
Wait. What's with all this money?
-What--
-Payment from my gig today.
I wanna use it to get some braces for you.
Here.
I'm not getting them.
Why?
[chuckles]
I just, uh… don't need them anymore.
What? Why?
June only recognized me
because of my teeth.
Plus, he said I was cute.
Cute, cute, cute!
-[giggling]
-Oh, can you be anymore annoying?
-Calm down. Jeez.
-What am I gonna do with you?
I also said that.
But you didn't believe it when I said it.
You're different.
[chuckles]
[sighs]
That June must have superpowers.
-[zipper rasps]
-Come on.
We should get something to eat.
[Ju-ri] Can you help me up?
[groans]
-Hey.
-Help.
-Hop on.
-[Ju-ri] All right, you ready?
[Ju-ri] All right.
-Oh. Oh, gosh!
-[Ju-ri grunting]
I'm afraid I can't carry you twice a day.
-Forget it then.
-Here. Here.
Do we have patches left?
-I'll stick a few on your back.
-Lean on me.
[groans]
Slow and steady though.
Take in all the scenery while we walk.
[sighs]
[Chun-jae] You brat.
[chuckles]
-You know what?
-[Ju-ri] What?
[Chun-jae] Like you, I tried everything
to look good for your mom.
[Ju-ri] Really?
[Chun-jae]
Here's something I never told you.
[Ju-ri] What?
[Chun-jae] I even pierced my ears.
-[Ju-ri] Really? Let me see.
-[Chun-jae] It closed up ages ago.
Your mom hated it,
so I took it out three days later.
[Ju-ri] Can I pierce my ears too?
[Chun-jae chuckles]
JINSEONG EXPRESS
FROM GANGNEUNG TO SEOUL
[dramatic music]
[bus hisses]
[exhales heavily]
[Tae-hwa] It's still cold at night.
Let's go home.
[phone chimes]
[line rings]
Hey, Dad, I thought you'd be in bed.
I was just about to turn in.
Is something up?
Do I need a reason to call?
I just did.
[Tae-hwa] I see.
[sighs]
The plant that you sent me…
It's blooming.
-[Tae-hwa] Really?
-Yes.
[Tae-hwa] Wow. From what I hear,
it only blooms once every seven years.
[gasps]
Is that true?
[Tae-hwa] Yes. It's said that
the greatest luck in life
finds its way to the person who sees it.
[romantic music]
Are you still there?
Yeah. I'll water it well
and take good care of it.
[Tae-hwa chuckles]
Good.
Not too often though. The roots will rot.
[Hye-jin] Got it. Good night then.
Wait. Call sometime, even about nothing.
[Hye-jin] I will.
[phone beeps]
[laughs]
So it bloomed? Is that right?
[exhales heavily]
-[phone beeps]
-What are you doing here?
I'm out for a walk.
What? I need permission to go on walks?
Depends which way?
Uh, this way.
Bye.
Why are you following me?
Again with Princess Syndrome.
I was headed this way, too.
To be honest,
I came close to hating you again.
-What?
-But what you did today,
it was pretty cool. You did well.
[groans]
You should be careful.
People will get the wrong idea.
It'll be the last time.
As a matter of fact,
I don't befriend just anyone.
[chuckles]
[fireworks crackling]
[gasps]
Look at that.
[giggles]
Look, those are fireworks.
Well, it's not gunfire.
I guess someone got the romance going.
It's needlessly pretty.
[fireworks crackling]
-It really is pretty.
-Hey, you--
[romantic music]
[fireworks crackling]
[gasps]
Ooh!
[Du-sik exhales deeply]
[groans]
I almost died.
Death was right in my face.
[Hye-jin gasps]
Wait. Seong-hyeon?
[chuckles]
I've been looking everywhere for you.
And here you are.
[lively music]
[Du-sik] To the-- the right…
Whatever.
[sighs]
[Seong-hyeon] Excuse me.
[lively music]
[pants]
[applause]
[breathing heavily]
[sighs in relief]
It's been a while, Hye-jin.
[fireworks crackling]
[machine beeping]
[vendor] Fourteen hundred won.
[sighs]
Just a moment.
[boy] Here's a hundred.
-That's 1,400 won, now. Right?
-What?
You don't have to do that.
Enjoy your milk.
Hey, I, uh…
[dramatic music]
YOON HYE-JIN
HONG DU-SIK
[lively music]
Do you two know each other?
[Seong-hyeon chuckles]
How long has it been?
[Du-sik]
I'd like you to explain something.
And not a word to him…
[groans]
…especially about that night.
-Huh?
-What are you doing?
[Hye-jin] Caught between a rock
and a hard place,
Chief Hong and Ji Seong-hyeon.
-Grandma, you know--
-Shut it.
I'm not going to fall
for whatever you say.
-Let me do it.
-Forget it.
I won't film it unless it's that house.
[Seong-hyeon] There's something
I want to know.
Is Hye-jin seeing anyone?